docs/admin: update steps of adding repositories (#8293)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/external_service/bitbucket_cloud.md

To set this up, add Bitbucket Cloud as an external service to Sourcegraph:

1. Go to **User menu > Site admin**.
1. Open the **Repositories > Manage repositories** page.
1. Press **+ Add repositories**.
1. In the list, select **Bitbucket.org repositories**.

> 1. Enter a **Display name** (using "Bitbucket Cloud" is OK).

Reviewer: I don't think you need this step as it's pretty obvious and pre-filled.

> 1. Configure the connection to Bitbucket Cloud in the JSON editor. Use Cmd/Ctrl+Space for completion, and [see configuration documentation below](#configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure the connection to Bitbucket Cloud using the action buttons above the text field, and additional fields can be added using **Cmd/Ctrl+Space** for auto-completion. See the [configuration documentation below](#configuration).
```
